Add docs for `name_add_mac_suffix` config (#1058)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: components/esphome.rst

- **libraries** (*Optional*, list of libraries): A list of `platformio libraries <https://platformio.org/lib>`__
  to include in the project. See `platformio lib install <https://docs.platformio.org/en/latest/userguide/lib/cmd_install.html>`__.
- **comment** (*Optional*, string): Additional text information about this node. Only for display in UI.

> - **name_add_mac_suffix** (*Optional*, boolean): Allows appending the mac address to the device name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **name_add_mac_suffix** (*Optional*, boolean): Appends the last 6 bytes of the mac address to the device name in the form `name_aa:bb:cc`. Useful when flashing the same binary to different hardware. Default to ``False``.
```

> - **name_add_mac_suffix** (*Optional*, boolean): Allows appending the mac address to the device name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **name_add_mac_suffix** (*Optional*, boolean): Appends the last 6 bytes of the mac address of the device to 
  the name in the form `<name>_aabbcc`. Defaults to ``False``.
```
